cinema synopses spoiler alert in the
present day scientists in the Arctic
uncover an old frozen aircraft in March
1942 Nazi officer Johann Schmidt head of
the evil organization Hydra and his men
steal a mysterious relic called the
tesseract from the town of tønsberg in
german-occupied Norway the tesseract
one of the legendary Infinity stones
possesses untold powers exactly in New
York City Steve Rogers is rejected for
World War two military recruitment
because of various health and physical
problems sorry son look just give me a
chance while attending an exhibition of
future technologies starring with his
friend sergeant James Bucky Barnes
Rogers again attempts to enlist
overhearing Rogers his conversation with
Barnes about wanting to help in the war
dr. Abraham Erskine allows Rogers to
enlist I don't want to kill anyone I
don't like bullies in fact relations
he is recruited into the strategic
scientific reserve
as part of a super-soldier experiment
under Erskine Colonel Chester Philips
end British agent Peggy Carter Phillips
is unconvinced by Erskine's claim that
Rogers is the right person for the
procedure
but relents
after seeing Rogers commit an act of
self-sacrificing bravery the night
before the treatment Erskine reveals to
Rogers that Schmidt underwent an
imperfect versions
the procedure and suffered permanent
side effects her scan reveals that
Rodgers was chosen because he is good
Schmidt and dr. Alan Eames Ola harness
the energies of the tesseract intending
to use the power to fuel Zola's
inventions mounting an offensive that
will change the world
Schmidt discovers Erskine's location and
dispatches assassin Heinz Kruger to kill
him
Erskine subjects Rogers to the
super-soldier treatment injecting him
with a special serum and dosing him his
vitals after Rodgers emerges from the
experiment taller and more muscular an
undercover Krueger kills Erskine and
flees Rodgers pursues and captures
Kruger
but the assassin avoids interrogation by
committing suicide with a cyanide
capsule hail Hydra with Erskine dead and
his super-soldier formula lost too much
of the dismay of Colonel Chester
Phillips
u.s. senator Brandt has Rodgers tore the
nation in a colorful costume as to
promote war bonds while scientists study
him an attempt to rediscover the formula
in 1943 while on tour in Italy
performing for active servicemen Rogers
learns that Barnes's unit was m.i.a in a
battle against Schmidt's forces against
him refusing to believe that Barnes is
dead your friend is mostly dead Rogers
has Carter an engineer Howard Stark fly
him behind enemy lines to mount a solo
rescue attempt
Rogers infiltrates the fortress of
Schmitz Nazi division Hydra freeing
Barnes and the other prisoners were you
supposed to be Captain America Rogers
confront Schmidt who removes his mouse
to reveal a red skull like visage that
earned him the nickname the net skull
Schmidt escapes and Rogers returns to
base with the freed soldiers Rogers
recruits Barnes and some other men who
he helped escape the Nazi prison to
attack other known Hydra bases pretty
much Stark outfits Rogers with advanced
equipment most notably a circular shield
made of vibranium a rare nearly
indestructible metal what do you think
Rogers and his team sabotage various
Hydra for the team later assaults a
train carrying Zola Rogers and Jones
succeed in capturing Zola but Barnes
falls from the Train to his assumed
death using information extracted from
Zola the final Hydra stronghold is
located in the Alps 500 feet below the
sir and Rogers leads an attack to stop
Schmidt from using weapons of mass
destruction on major cities let's go
find two more Rogers climbs aboard
Schmidt's aircraft as it takes off and
during the subsequent fight the
tesseracts container is damaged
Schmidt physically handles the tesseract
causing him to dissolve in a bright
light
the tesseract burns through the plane
and is lost in the ocean
seeing no way to land the plane without
the risk of detonating its weapons
Rogers crashes it in the Arctic
I gotta put her in the water Starck
later recovers the tesseract from the
ocean floor but is unable to locate
Rodgers or the aircraft presuming him
dead but there's no trace of wreckage
Rodgers awakens in a 1940 style hospital
room deducing from an anachronistic
radio broadcast that something is wrong
it's from May 1941 I know because I was
there he flees outside and finds himself
in present-day Times Square
we're shield director Nick Fury informs
him that he'd been a sleep cap for
almost 70 years
in a post-credits scene fury approaches
broadly opposes the mission with
worldwide ramification trying to get me
back in the world trying to save it
[Music]
you